Edit headings in examples-part 1 (#1386)
pyansys/pyaedt: doc/source/Resources/Installation.rst

Installation
============

PyAEDT consolidates and extends all existing capital around scripting for Ansys Electronics Desktop (AEDT),
allowing re-use of existing code, sharing of best practices, and collaboration.

This PyAnsys library has been tested on HFSS, Icepak, and Maxwell 3D. It also provides basic support for
EDB and Circuit (Nexxim).

Requirements
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> In addition to the runtime dependencies listed in the installation information, PyAEDT requires ANSYS EM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the runtime dependencies listed in the installation information, PyAEDT requires ANSYS Electronics Desktop
```
```suggestion
In addition to the runtime dependencies listed in the installation information, PyAEDT requires ANSYS EM
```

> Suite 2021 R1 or later.

Author: ```suggestion
2021 R1 or later.
```
